Hi Mate,

Here I try to give you a clear description of what I want in the next project. My goal is to get some exe files with a gui where I can do the following things:

1) Enter path/filenames where I fill in the input/output files if they are in place. For each file I will need a chooice to enter a input file, output file (inc path). 
	If empty then there is no input file. Files can be a .csv, .txt, .xlsm, .xlsb

2) Some files will be running until I stop them manual, other files will stop automatic. So I want to be able to click on buttons Start / Stop. I also want a status file with a status "Running" or
"Stopped"

3) I also will assign so timestamps in my scraperfiles. I would like to see the last timestamp of each scraper if they are there.

4) When I press a button to stop the scraper then I want that the scraper will be stopped and every file / browser will be closed.

5) I also want a option to schedule each scraper. I want a chooise (every hour, every 4 hour, every day) or when I give a time then it runs every day at that time.

I added some files for you to start with. in the end I have lots of scrapers and I really want to be able to make my own gui exefiles. So I want to ask you to make the first one and also make a 
really clear description of how you did everything so I will be able to make my own in a later stage.

A description of the files I added:

Scraper 1: Soccerstandings

This scraper will get scores from a website and put some data in a .csv file after it did his calculations. 

Files: 

- ratings_csv.py (scraperfile)
- complist.csv (input)
- compoutput.csv (output)

In the file I have added my current path. I would like to see the option that I can fill it in on the gui window. If possible I also want a default value in the gui window. If you learn me
where you coded that, I will be able to change it by myself.

For this scraper I want all options as described above.

Scraper 2: Tennisschedule

This scraper will get scores from a website and put some data in a .csv file after it did his calculations. There is no input file for this

Files: 

- tennismatch.py (scraperfile)
- gameratings.py (help scraperfile)
- tennisschedule.csv (output)

In the file I have added my current path. I would like to see the option that I can fill it in on the gui window. If possible I also want a default value in the gui window. If you learn me
where you coded that, I will be able to change it by myself.

For this scraper I want all options as described above.

I think this is a good start for this project. As said before, I really want to learn for you and I want to be able to make my own files.

Other question, In the code I do a lot of print statements. On this moment I can see the output of these statements in the debugger. But when I have a exe file then there is no debugger anymore.
Is it easy for you to make, for example, a txt file with on every line a new output?



